Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Not a bad afterlife. if you ask me.
You're doing great. honey.
Ok. I know how we're gonna save Leo. but how are we gonna save Morris?
I have no idea. That's why they call it "winging it."
What are you two talking about?
Nothing.
What are you waiting for? Attack!
Leo?
Ohh. What are we gonna do?
It's Piper. Her pain is back. Do something.
Uh...kill him!
Take the fall.
What fall?
Stay down.
What is he doing here? What are we doing here?
Piper. shh!
Ow. Do something.
We just wanted to apologize for sending you such a weak warrior.
We can get rid of him for you.
Get rid of him?
Yeah. You know. like...send his spirit on to. uh...
the hereafter...or something.
Very well.
You left me. didn't you?
Potion. potion.
We got to get out of here.
It's clear!
I'll open the portal.
Phoebe...
It's Piper. Her heart is breaking.
Piper.
Don't. Stay away from me.
I promise I will explain everything when we get home.
but right now. we need to go.
Home? We don't have a home. You left us!
Leo. talk to her!
I didn't have a choice. I became an Elder.
It's not something that I wanted. It's something that just happened.
Yeah. See. I know all of this. Why didn't I remember it?
Because...I used my powers so you wouldn't have to.
But your anger almost destroyed a city. and then your pain almost destroyed you.
I wanted to help you so you wouldn't have to deal with it all at once.
So you took my feelings away?
No. Never! I was gonna reverse the spell slowly so you could feel
a little more every day. but then...
...somebody did this to me. Somebody put me here so I couldn't.
I'm sorry.
Look. I don't want to rush you two. but we have to go.
I have to second that.
You bastard. How dare you do this to me? To our son?
Phoebe?
We had a life together. a family. and you destroyed it. You destroyed me!
You left me alone to raise our son by myself. How could you do this?
How could you do this!!
How could you!!
I don't feel Piper anymore.
We have to go.
Come on. Piper. we got to go.
Go? Go where?
Home. Hurry.
We got to leave her. Come on!
Be careful of Darryl's body.
Thank you. Is he-- I mean. am I still alive?
Barely.
Barely?
We got to go back and get Piper.
How? By force? She won't come. She's withdrawn.
Besides. we can't go back now.
But we can't just leave her there.
Leo. they're not gonna hurt her. They need her to get to us.
Listen. about my body...
Oh. I'm sorry. You can just step right back in.
That's it? I mean. even though I'm solid?
You're still a spirit. Trust me.
We got to go and figure out what to do. Thanks again.
Don't mention it.
Great. That's just great.
Jeez. it's about time. I was starting to get wor-
- where's Piper?
Son of a bitch.
Why'd you do it?
Do what?
Leo. stop it!
Leo. enough! This hostility is killing me.
What is wrong with you? You've been playing gladiator too long?
You didn't tell them. did you?
Tell us what?
That he was the last one to see me.
Right afterwards. I was mysteriously trapped in Valhalla.
Oh. so what? That makes me responsible?
Is that what you're saying?
Ok. why would Chris do that?
Why else? To get rid of me.
It doesn't make sense.
Doesn't it? You manipulated things so I'd become an Elder.
Forced me out of the house. didn't he?
So you could save the world.
All right. Leo. I know how upset you are and by "know."
I mean I literally know. But you're way off base here.
Chris has been the model Whitelighter since you've been gone.
He's done nothing but good.
He sent us after so many demons. If anything. he's been too good.
He's the reason we were able to save you.
You're welcome.
Where'd you get the pendants?
Leo!
All right. All right. I'll let it go for now.
So where's Wyatt? Can I see him?
No. you can't.
He's staying with Sheila until we can figure out how to rescue Piper.
Which is gonna be hard because she doesn't want to be saved.
Well. if we're gonna save her. it's gonna have to be as witches. not as Valkyries.
Book of Shadows?
You got it.
Well?
She's Valkyrie. But it's not pure. Deep inside I sense -
Witch?
Yes.
I told you. She came with the other witches. She has to be one. too.
But it's very faint. I could barely read it.
Still. she helped them escape with the warrior. didn't she?
Yes. but she didn't escape with them.
Maybe they left her behind.
Why would they do that?
Because they would have been caught if they hadn't.
Either way. she can be of value to us. She wouldn't be the first witch to convert.
And if she has. then we've gained a powerful sister.
But if it is just a spell and she's not truly one of us. then we'll use her to lead us to the other two.
After all. we can't have anybody knowing where to find us and risking what we do. now. can we?
What about the warriors who followed them? Aren't you concerned about them being exposed?
They're well trained. They'll know how to avoid it.
Besides. hopefully they'll find the witches and take care of the problem for us.
What do you think about that?
I think that if they dont. we will.
I don't understand. Why don't we just storm the place and find her?
It's not like we don't know where she is.
Because they would be expecting it. that's why. It'd be suicide.
We got you out safely. didn't we?
But it cost us Piper.
Ok. you guys. would you knock it off?
I'm still reeling from Piper's emotions. I don't need this.
Sorry.
So how's it going?
I am almost done. I don't mean to burden you with my emotions.
but I don't quite see how reversing the memory spell is gonna help.
Piper needs to believe she's a Valkyrie because it's too painful for her to be herself.
Way too painful. Believe me. I almost passed out back there.
Well. then believing she's a Valkyrie is the perfect option.
To serve the greater good. they're always in control.
And they don't have to deal with pain or loss.
Well. that's why we have to make Piper believe she's Piper again.
Because if we don't get her back mentally. it won't matter if we get her back physically.
Ok. but Piper wasn't exactly back before the spell either.
What do you mean?
Well. that little magical whammy you performed on her kind of. um. backfired.
Yeah. You see. after you left. Piper was really...
...chipper. Yeah. incessantly. increasingly...annoyingly chipper.
What she said.
Well. it was supposed to make her feel less pain.
I guess with me not around to pull it back a little bit she got happier and happier.
Uh. no. Psychotically chipper.
Way to go.
Chris...
What?
I swear my new power is gonna drive me crazy.
You'll get the handle of it. Just be patient.
Are you sure? Because I remember Prue almost being destroyed that time that she was an empath.
Well. she wasn't supposed to become one. You are.
Maybe all this with Piper has made it happen a little sooner.
But you can handle it. I know you can.
I just wish I knew how to turn it on and off.
I feel like I'm at the mercy of everyone else's feelings. And it sucks.
Bright side? Maybe you can actually find out how Jason feels about you.
Yeah. but what if it's not good news?
Ha! Then you dump him before he dumps you.
Uh. I think the spell's finished.
Oh. great.
You got a dog?
No. I got a career.
Sore subject. Don't ask.
All right. I'm coming.
Oh. my god. Darryl. what happened?
I think I just got attacked by Attila the Hun.
Freyja. I need to speak with you. In private.
You can speak freely.
The warriors who followed the witches -- they've killed civilians.
What?
Innocents?
I don't know. But they turned off their locators.
What does that mean?
They're trained to do that when the final battle between good and evil begins.
We have to stop them.
But how can we? We have no way of finding them in the city.
I'm from the city. I can help you find them.
Feeling better?
Yeah. Thanks. man. It's good to have you back.
Thanks for helping me get back.
Ah. don't mention it.
Would you...
How long after we left did the warriors show up?
Not long. Maybe a couple of seconds.
They must have followed us from Valhalla.
Great. That means they're after us now.
Except they didn't hang out long enough to ask me where to find you.
Granted. I was looking through swollen eyes. but they just seemed lost and confused.
So what? They just took off?
Thank goodness they did because--
We should have never put you in that situation. We should have come up with another way.
Forget it. You know. it worked.
Yeah. for you maybe. What about the next poor guy that runs into those warriors? They're trained killers.
Yeah. but they only kill evil.
He's not evil.
Chris is right. Not everything is black and white in this world
And warriors can't always tell the difference between good and evil.
What do we do?
We need to find them fast.
That shouldn't be too hard. They're gonna stand out
...even in San Francisco.
Which is why we need to move fast. If they're exposed. so are the Valkyries.
You're awfully forgiving. considering everything they put you through.
They still have a noble purpose to perform. Keeping their secret is key to them fulfilling it.
Besides. it's not the Valkyries' fault that I ended up there.
Which brings us back to the warriors.
And let's not forget about Piper.
Maybe we should split up. You should go to the police station.
They're gonna show up on the radar screen in a big way.
You know what? Office is paging me anyway.
Make sure you're the first cop on the scene. We might need you to buy us some time.
Ok. You got it.
Uh. maybe I should go to the newspaper and do the same thing.
Good idea. Paige -
I should take Oscar home before I get fired.
You're kidding. right?
No. I promised the temp agency I'd have him back in the morning and.
huh. it's the morning.
Before you say anything. you've been gone. some things have changed.
and one of those things is that I'm determined now more than ever to have
a life separate from being a witch.
Fine. but now?
Yeah. I've already done the reversal spell. Can't do it without Piper.
and we don't know how to get her. so
...I'm just an orb away if you need help.
Paige --
Let her go. It might seem silly to you. but it's important to her. I know.
See? It helps to be an empath.
No. it helps to be a sister. And while we're on that subject.
we have to come up with another plan to get Piper out of Valhalla.
She's right.
Come on. let's go.
But-
Come on. Get in there.
Easy.
Who goes there?
What's the matter. don't you recognize me?
Leo. But we'd heard that the witches had broken you out.
Disinformation. Enemy's favorite tactic. Don't fall for it again.
Right. Sorry. It's just that everyone's a little on edge.
especially since the alert's been sounded again.
I know. I found the intruder. Where's Freyja? She'll want to question him.
She's not here. She went after the warriors in the city.
And the new Valkyrie? Where is she?
They took her with them.
All right. Then I'll have to question him myself.
Alone.
What are you doing? Leo. what's going on?
I'm gonna get the truth out of you one way or another.
No sisters around here to help you this time. No orbing...no way out.
Just you and me.
You're joking. right?
I mean. shouldn't we be getting back to filling in Phoebe and Paige and find Piper?
I already lost Piper. Pick it up.
You know. this isn't funny anymore. This isn't very Elder- like either.
Yeah. being trapped here for five weeks and fighting for my life has changed me a lot. Pick it up.
Forget it.
I didn't do it.
You can't kill me. I'm a Whitelighter.
No? Then why are you sweating? ...I'm gonna find out the truth.
I'm gonna find out who did this to me. I promise.
Right now we're gonna go catch up with Phoebe and Paige and have a little chat with the Elders.
This is the last place they were before they turned off their locators.
Why did they do this? This is not what we're training them for.
Maybe they were confused by all the evil in the city. It's everywhere.
Then how will we find them before they hurt anybody else?
I could scry for them.
You mean like a witch can?
What do you need?
Something of the warriors'. The knife.
Anything else?
Well!
Hell's bells. What have we got here? Ha ha ha ha!
What. is there a Xena convention in town or something?
On your knees.
Excuse me? I got a better idea. How about you get on your knees instead?
Who are you to speak to us that way?
Kara.
You don't command us. We command you!
How dare you!
This isn't Valhalla. You don't have dominion over men here.
Then how do you train them? How do they take orders?
They don't. They do what they want.
You know. I have an idea of how we can blend in better.
A motorcycle. Darryl? Are you sure? That is just so not Piper.
Leo did say that she might be back. All right.
Well. I'll call Paige. and you keep an eye--
Oh. my god.
Let me call you back. Let me call you back.
Jason. hi. What are you doing here?
Who. me? I own the place.
Right. And I work here. That's why I'm here. Hmmm...
Wh- what was I saying?
Did you forget I was flying in today?
No. Of course I didn't forget that you were flying back today.
I'm just a little scattered. that's all.
Is the air conditioning not working in here or what?
Uh. it feels fine to me. Phoebe. you look great. Really. I like your hair.
Thanks. I like yours. too.
Uh. listen. I was gonna go home. unpack. take a shower.
but I was hoping that maybe later we could get together and have some dinner.
You know. I know we don't have anything planned officially.
but I was thinking that because...
I'm gonna take that as a "yes." then?
Oh. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. No.
No? All right. uh...I just really missed you. Phoebe.
Oh. I know. I can tell.
Uh...it's just. uh...it's very hard -- I mean. I mean...hard to explain.
That kind of hard. you know. Not the other kind of hard.
Am I making any sense?
Phoebe.
No. no. no. no.
Don't come any closer. It'll just get harder. Phew.
Oh. god.
Oh. god. I ju...I ca...I ca- ca...I can't.
Say bye- ye. Bye- bye. Bye- bye. B...
No. wait. It's me.
You're making a mistake. This is not the final battle.
We've come to take you back to Valhalla.
What do you think?
I think the enemy wears many masks.
Look. You're the agency. How could you not know they were leaving town?
They abandoned their dog. That is animal cruelty. ok? No!
I can't take care of the dog. I've got responsibilities. pressing ones. too.
And besides. I need to make a statement to my family. This is not helping here.
Hello? Hello?
What am I doing?
Ok. I'm just gonna have to trust the universe. Things happen for a reason.
What is going on here?
Bad- ass fight. that's what.
Who said that?
Whoa. Wait. You mean you can hear me?
Well. hallelujah. It's about time.
Please don't tell me you're talking to me.
Are you kidding?
I've been trying to get your attention for two days now.
I'm in serious trouble. here.
Ok. It's ok. Paige. You've dealt with weirder things than this.
Hey. maybe- maybe my powers are just advancing. Maybe I can understand animals now.
Oh. please. Give me a break.
Until you accepted that there might be a reason you got this job.
you weren't gonna be open to helping me.
Help you do what?
Reverse an evil witch's curse and make me human again.
Come on. If I'm evil. too. it won't work. You know that.
What have you got to lose?
Well. that's a good point. This day couldn't get much suckier.
Ok. here goes. Uh...
I call upon the Halliwells.
I call our powers to undo this spell.
make right again. that we must.
reverse the curse that made this mutt.
Whew. That's better. Thanks.
All right. don't mention it.
As long as you don't hump my leg anymore. we'll be cool.
Ahem. Yeah. Sorry. That's just what dogs do when they like someone.
Aw. That's very sweet. Why did an evil witch turn you into man's best friend. anyway?
Well. it's kind of complicated. Let's just say there were a million reasons.
But let me help you. All those dogs out there.
they're barking because there's some serious magic in the air.
the kind of magic that you might be looking for.
I am so sorry.
I didn't mean for that to happen.
Why not? Why are you apologizing? You were unbelievably--
Oh. please don't say it. Just don't.
Well. it wasn't just you. you know?
Oh. yeah. I know. I just-- I. uh. I wasn't myself that's all.
I don't understand.
Yeah. I know you don't. and that's ok.
As long as you stay on that side of the room. everything should be fine.
It's the only way that I really know what I'm feeling.
Phoebe.
Please. please. Don't. Don't.
Hey. What's the matter? You can talk to me.
We like each other. Phoebe. You don't have to be afraid of that.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Really?
Really. Come here.
Oh. no. Not again.
What?
What do you mean. what? Don't think I don't
know.
Hi.
Excuse us. You got a minute?
What is the matter with you? Weren't you supposed to be--
ok. but you don't have to yell at me. because I can sense how mad you are.
Ok. just because you can sense doesn't mean I can't vent.
Where are we going right now?
To find Piper. I hope.
You know where she is?
Yeah. A little doggie told me.
Come on. Get up.
Ooh! Way to go. Piper.
What? She's good.
I'll take care of them.
Reversal spell! Reversal spell!
All right. uh.
Spell was cast.
Now make it pass.
Remove it now.
Don't ask me how.
Well. it serves you right. What kind of spell was that?
Ok. Piper. I know why you would rather be one of them.
It's because you don't want to feel pain. But you have to feel the pain.
because if you can't feel the pain. then you can't feel the good stuff either. you know?
Right?
Oh. and that was so much better.
Oh. well. uh. you-- it...
Police! Drop your weapons!
Piper.
Now do you believe me?
Go. Get in.
Piper. let's go.
Piper. don't go.
Hurry.
Please.
There's got to be a way to get Piper out of there. I know it.
Unfortunately. the reversal spell. as you so kindly pointed out.
didn't exactly help Piper remember who she was.
What do the Elders think?
They think it had to be a Demon who stuck Leo in Valhalla.
But they're not sure.
Still. it's their leading theory.
Guys. this is about Piper.
Actually. the Elders believe your new power is key to helping save Piper.
My new power? How do they figure? All it's done is make things worse.
There's a reason you received it. and they
-- we believe it's to help save Piper.
So what exactly did you feel the last time from her?
Ah. not much.
And yet you said you felt something familiar -- little things.
Well. I mean. obviously I felt pain...
...and desire...to help.
Ok. well. she helped Darryl. and that wasn't with her Valkyrie powers.
That was with her Charmed powers.
The witch within must still be alive.
And that's how you're gonna reach her.
But how? I mean. just because I could feel some glimmer of Piper's
feelings doesn't mean she can. She's completely cut off from them.
Wait. Wait. Wait. Hold it.
Isn't there a spell in the book that allows somebody to feel what you feel?
Which. in this case would be Piper feeling what you're feeling Piper should be did that make sense?
Um. frighteningly. it did. What about that spell I used on Cole last year.
the one to make him sense whether or not you loved him?
I could reword it for Piper.
Actually. that's worth a shot.
The problem is. you still have to get close to her to try it.
and that's not gonna be easy.
Yeah. especially with Piper's powers.
Maybe I could orb you--
No. Leo. you're the reason she's in this emotional cocoon.
You need to stay far away from her. No offense.
Then the question is. how do we get close enough to her without her kicking our butts?
I could use my new power to counteract hers.
How do you figure?
Well. our powers are emotion- based. right?
If I can channel Piper's feelings. why can't I channel her powers and then use them against her?
What are you doing here?
We're here to take you home.
Why does she always pick on me first?
Paige. now.
Open Piper's heart to reveal
that part which only Phoebe feels.
Send it back from whence it came.
but don't protect her from the pain.
Wait.
Did they harm you?
No. They helped me.
I know what you do here.
I understand its purpose. so you can trust that your secret is safe.
But I think it's time for me to go home.
Jason Dean.
Hi.
Hi. Phoebe. I was starting to get a little worried.
Did you get all my messages?
Yeah. I did. And I'm sorry I didn't call you back. but -
Let me guess. Something came up.
You are a mysterious woman. Phoebe.
Is that a bad thing?
No. It's a good thing. except for when I'm trying to figure you out.
Well. if it makes you feel any better.
I'm having a hard time figuring myself out these days.
I'm glad. I mean. I'm. you know. not that you're having trouble.
It's just that it's not about me. It's not about me. is it?
No. It's not about you. It's just that. uh
...my feelings have been a little mixed up lately.
Well. long- distance relationships are not easy.
No. they're not.
So. am-- am-- am I gonna see you again before I leave?
Uh. I want to. I really do. but I'm not so sure that's a good idea.
I understand. No. that's a lie. I don't.
It's just that my favorite advice columnist once wrote that it's important for guys to be more understanding.
So how am I doing?
Doing great. really great.
So should I call you?
Yeah. You better call me. Have a safe flight.
Thanks.
Bye.
Hey. Chris. what are you doing?
Wow. You look amazing.
Thank you. Um. Leave it. I'll help you clean it up tomorrow.
It's ok. I don't mind. It's the least I can do.
What do you mean. the least you can do?
Oh. you know. for fighting with Leo.
Oh. he attacked you. Don't worry about it
Yeah. I know. Like I said. it's cool.
Hi.
Hey. Guess it didn't go that well with Jason.
Well. I went all the way down there to talk to him.
and then I figured maybe it wasn't such a good idea that I even see him.
at least not until I can control my new power.
Judging by how it's been going. it might be just a little bit.
I know. but what am I supposed to do?
I'm gonna have to figure out how to use it sooner or later.
And until then. I'm just gonna stay away from horny men.
Huh. Good luck.
At least your new power helped save Piper.
That's got to be a good thing. right?
Yeah. It won't help her with what she's going through. though.
But at least she's going through it now. And that is a good thing.
Well. let's hope. Well. I'm off to see Oscar.
Whoa. Wait. Oscar the dog?
Yeah. He's having a bit of a tough time adjusting.
I don't really want him roaming the streets by himself.
especially since I'm the one who rescued him.
You know. I was having trouble with the whole idea of that temp agency thing.
But I'm kind of digging it now. It's all right.
Wait. wait. About Oscar--
Bye.
Who is it?
It's me.
Come in.
Hi.
Want to hold him?
Are you kidding?
Oh. he's gotten so big.
Yeah.
Look out. Whoa. Yeah.
Look. Piper. I...want to say I'm sorry for taking away your feelings.
Leo. you don't have to apologize. I know that you were just trying to help me.
I do. And it wasn't your fault you weren't around to take the spell away.
Well. it's somebody's fault. And I want to find out whose.
The other Elders want me to stick around until I do to make sure nobody's targeting us again.
So you're still an Elder. then.
Yeah.
Um. I need to ask you a favor.
Anything.
I need some space from you. I mean. who knows?
This might actually turn out to be a good thing for me in the long run.
I might be able to live some semblance of a normal life. not being married to an angel.
I get why you have to leave. Leo. And I understand that you can't ignore your calling.
But I do have to deal with it somehow
-- with being alone...with being a single mother...
and I can't really do that with you hanging around the house.
I'm sorry.
Leo. please...I need this.
I won't be far.
You deserve a normal life. Piper. I really hope you find it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm